RESURRECTION ERTUGRUL
THE STORIES AND CHARACTERS DEPICTED
HERE WERE INSPIRED BY OUR HISTORY
NO ANIMALS WERE HARMED DURING
THE FILMING OF THIS PRODUCTION
Thank God, you are better, right?
Thank God, Hayme.
This shows that we still have a breath to take
in this mortal world.
Yes, if God permits, we shall have
our grandchild in our arms soon.
It was time anyway.
This is the only joyous news I heard.
We have been dreaming of a grandchild
for years.
Thanks to Gundogdu and Selcan,
we will be filled with joy.
May God give them the chance
to see their own grandchildren.
If God permits. If God permits, my Bey.
The Emirate of Aleppo can be seen.
Flag off! Seal on!
Rahman! Bring my horse!
We need to enter
our new homeland on a horse.
Here you are, my Bey.
Thank you, God.
You did not leave our tribe without a Bey.
What is the situation?
My Bey, the front door is guarded
very heavily. There is another door...
...at the back for provisions,
we may be able to enter from there but...
...I don't know whether
we would be able to get out.
People who heard that
the vizier is being tried have gathered.
The guards are having
a hard time containing them.
They are convinced that
Sahabeddin Tugrul is tried unjustly.
If we manage to get the vizier out
we can take advantage of the crowd and can escape.
-That is all I can say, my Bey.
-Do not listen to him, my Bey.
We don't know where the dungeons are.
It is very hard without help from inside.
If you ask me, we would be caught
before we even reach Sahabeddin.
What news do you have, my Bey?
I will tell you. First, we should go
to the lodge and see how Halime is.
Yigit.
Ertugrul.
Poor Girl.
Please do not worry, Numan Efendi.
When we reach the palace
Halime will be much better.
Hear ye, hear ye!
It has been decided that
our highness Giyaseddin El Aziz's...
...traitor vizier Sahabeddin Tugrul
has colluded with the infidels...
...and the verdict is
that he is to be executed.
-Sahabeddin is our father!
-He would never do such a thing!
Let me beat them, my Bey.
That will teach them a lesson.
The execution will be carried out
this afternoon.
Fie! You can’t hang him! You can’t hang him!
Sahabeddin is our father!
You are the traitors, not him!
You imprisoned him! You! It’s slander!
My Pir...
...our dear brother, sage and fellow
Sahabeddin Tugrul...
...is being tried on the ground of
various slanders.
Our hearts ache deeply for him.
What do you suggest we do?
Our God, who saved Jonas
from the belly of the fish...
...Ayyub from the worm eating into his wound...
...Joseph from the well...
...Moses from the Nile...
...and the last Prophet from the cave...
...will also save our brother, if He wishes.
We shall take refuge in Him.
Our God, who turned the fire into a rose garden
that Abraham fell into...
...will also turn the dungeon into the venter
that Sahabeddin Tugrul is in.
Those who wait for tyranny, murder and
treason to emerge from there...
...would be bewildered when
a resurrection emerges.
Do not worry, Turkmen.
When I'm done with you...
...you won’t remember any of this pain
you have suffered.
Hello, young man.
-Who are you?
-Yigit.
What are you doing here, Yigit?
-I was not doing anything bad.
-Were you looking for someone?
Would you like me to help you?
Yes.
Then tell me, who are you looking for?
-My brother Turgut.
-Who is this brother Turgut?
He is a very powerful warrior.
He is very tall, he has very strong arms.
So he is very powerful.
Do you like your brother Turgut very much?
Yes, I do. He is a very good man.
Come.
I don’t find it in my heart
to leave you here like that, Hatun.
Not at all.
It is God's will, my Bey. God forbid,
what if something happens to the tribe...
...during the migration,
what would they do without Akcakoca?
Come on, let us go in.
Everyone thinks that this is
the wisest decision, my Bey.
You gave the best decision like a Bey.
May God help them.
Amen.
Are you two ready for the journey?
We are, my Bey.
We are.
Come on, then.
-In the name of God.
May God be with you, Hatun.
You too. Godspeed.
Halt!
Who are you?
I am from the Bozok branch of Oguz,
Bey of Kayi tribe, Suleyman Shah.
We are headed to the land
that was granted to my tribe...
by Giyaseddin El Aziz
the Ameer of Aleppo.
We are here on the orders of El Aziz.
We were ordered not to let you enter the city...
...and to accompany you until you leave
the lands of Aleppo.
-Let him go, he is not a traitor!
-Let him go!
Help Halime to the bed there.
-Murderers!
-Let him go!
-You are the real murderers!
-Traitors!
Traitors!
-You cannot do this!
-You murderers!
-Traitors!
-Murderers!
Vizier, do you have a last word?
Do not remember me as a traitor!
Whatever I have done, has always been
for the peace of the people.
Quran is my guide and God is my witness!
My head is up!
My only purpose is the path of God.
If it’s my fate to die for this purpose...
...either in my sleep...
...or by an axe, doesn't matter.
What will we do, my Bey?
Will we return?
We cannot turn back now, Deli Demir.
The tribe must have started the migration.
We should not worry them.
Rahman!
Yes, my Bey?
Is there a place we can stay around here?
Have a look around.
Yahya! Come with me.
What will happen now, father?
Won't we go to Aleppo?
Do not worry, my son.
Your brother Ertugrul will
bring us the news sooner or later.
Then we will get to know
the truth about this issue.
We set off with hope, but ended up
in disappointment, mother Hayme.
I am sure something happened to Turgut.
Do not say things like that, my girl.
Do not fuel your anxiety.
Brave women of Kayi...
...shall stand strong like a mountain...
...so that the brave men of Kayi
can roar like a mountain lion.
Mother Hayme is right, Aykiz.
If there was a problem,
Ertugrul would inform us.
I know that she is right as well.
But this time Turgut went
without even saying goodbye.
That is why I feel anxious.
My brave girls.
Please be rest assured...
...they have overcome so many battles,
so many troubles.
Even if they are in trouble, even if they
are in distress, they will come back.
Amanos Mountains
Templars Castle
Aykiz. My Aykiz.
What are you doing here?
Turgut. My Turgut.
-Turgut.
-What are you doing here?
My Aykiz? What are you doing here?
My son! The voices you hear are not real!
Do not surrender to them.
Whoever you are hearing...
...is not in the dungeon with you now.
You have to resist the poison they gave you.
How? How?
“Assuredly in the remembrance of God
do hearts find tranquillity.”
Only true friend is God and the rest is nothing.
Escape from the lie they gave you
and seek shelter in God.
What do I need to do?
Join me, my son.
“So, know (O Prophet), that there is none
worthy of worship but God.”
There is none worthy of worship but God.
My Turgut.
Our journey is challenging.
Our destination shall bring us joy,
if God permits.
Come on, Hatun. You should smile.
Should our child see his mother frowning
when he is born?
That is it.
You will give birth to our child
in our new homeland.
-If God permits.
Aleppo will bring peace to us.
Vizier, do you have a last word?
Do not remember me as a traitor!
Whatever I have done has always been
for the peace of the people.
Quran is my guide and God is my witness!
My head is up!
My only purpose is the path of God.
If it’s my fate to die for this purpose...
...either in my sleep...
...or by an axe, doesn't matter!
-Murderers!
-Liars!
Mighty God!
Catch Sahabeddin! Don’t let him escape!
Nasir, what is happening here?
Do not worry, your highness.
All streets are deployed with guards.
They cannot run anywhere.
Catch him!
Don't let Sahabeddin escape!
-Mighty God!
Up!
Finally, Nasir…
Finally, we are home again.
Your highness, we are talking about
the snakes who sneak up into...
...our warm and secure home.
We should never forget this.
Please stay away from the balcony.
Your highness...
...you saw today what a bowman can do.
God forbid, you might be
an open target in the balcony.
What is happening to our precious jewel...
...to our one and only Aleppo, Nasir?
Behind you!
Today people died right in front of me.
My uncle Sahabeddin was kidnapped.
A group of rascals has caused chaos
in my city.
Who are the people
helping Ertugrul, Nasir?
Sahabeddin's collaborators,
the remainders of the Crusaders.
The goons they hired. The tramps they fed.
Infidels who hid themselves
under a Muslim identity.
Today they united against you.
Find them and bring them here, Nasir.
I want to see them die in agony
with my own eyes.
Do not worry, your highness.
But you should still be careful.
Traitors have infiltrated everywhere.
If we consider that even Sahabeddin
is one of them...
...who knows how far this betrayal
has reached.
Even the least expected people
might be your enemy.